Sorry, Miss Shi
This is the teacher I liked first
He will be the famous Black Widow in 20 years
Billionaire Shi Yaxian
My darling
As expected of a rich woman
Carry so much money with you
It's you, miss, don't be fooled by this guy
This is really the dog net
He's my date
I know best that you are questioning my vision
Hello, sir.
I'm Shi Yaxian from HTC Group
Believe in the strength of HTC Group
You've heard of something called HTC.
You are the daughter of Hongda Group
The famous Hongda Group
Well, I'll make a price directly.
5 million
5 million this, this, this broken bowl, he, he's worth 5 million
6 million crazy
Enough 5 million not crazy?
It's the lady, not the boss.
Don't be deceived.
I've known this guy since I was a kid
Can I not know if he has a baby?
This is really a dog
8 million
8.50 million
A broken bowl sold 8.50 million
Crazy I go